[Uchinoura] Twenty seconds until impact!
Fragments increasing very rapidly.
Five individuals are heading
towards the docked shuttle.
[Nobeyama]
Shuttle area currently decompressing.
Maintain pressure until they evacuate!
[loud explosion]
-[Sagami] What happened to the shuttle?
-I'm not sure.
The radar has gone blank.
It's about to decompress in here.
We need to evacuate now.
Head to the secondary control room.
4 HOURS, 42 MINUTES, 30 SECONDS
AFTER ACCIDENT
[Uchinoura] The fragments of the comet
are still at the same altitude.
[Sagami] This is probably an AI comet.
-[Nobeyama typing]
-[Uchinoura] An AI comet?
[Sagami] Yes.
An unmanned vessel is sent to the comet
and it sprays micro machines
that self-propagate,
covering the surface with a self-automated
computer membrane and engine.
Everything's done by AI,
which makes it cheaper
than harvesting water from the moon.
-Mayor?
-What is it?
-[gasps]
-This is not good.
[Uchinoura]
The fragments. They're headed this way!
-[explosion]
-[Sagami] Hold on!
5 HOURS, 21 MINUTES, 10 SECONDS
AFTER ACCIDENT
[Sagami grunts] Check the damage.
At least the air hasn't leaked
out of the station.
[gasps] Mayor.
What is that?
[Sagami] Touya, are you all right?
-Uncle!
-Touya.
Hang tight
until the UN2 rescue vessel arrives.
We will, Uncle.
Everyone, just a little longer.
We are going to get out of this.
[Taiyou]
At least that's what we'd hoped for.
EPISODE 4: SEVEN'S PATTERN
We can't get to the UN2 rescue vessel
unless we open the bulkhead above us.
We're connected.
Very good.
Now we'll be in continuous contact.
I'm not sure if this will work or not,
but I have an idea that may help.
Dakky.
[Dakky chirps]
-Huh?
-Twelve may not be working,
but we might be able
to restart individual systems.
[Dakky clicking]
I've been working on hacking
a bird drone security hole
for a long time now.
You what?
Wait, when did you learn that trick?
Line up!
Whoa.
[Touya] Good. Now go to your positions.
Fall into place.
Hey, you over there. Move to your right.
-[birds chirping]
-[gasping]
Hacking is a severe violation.
So, you want me to quit saving your life?
No, no. You can keep going.
[Touya] All right.
The lower systems can be reestablished.
This hack should restore communications.
You mean these birds are just drones?
[groans]
[chimes]
-[gasps]
-Communications are restored.
Your nephew is frighteningly good.
Touya,
are you able to access the bulkhead?
No, I can't get in.
We can control some things but not others.
I wonder what could be causing that.
Yeah, I don't know.
But the things that we can't control
all seem to use quantum AI.
Yes, Internet! Whoo-hoo!
Mina, Mina. Mina.
Hey, everyone. I'm still alive.
What's this? The entire world
is live streaming my channel.
Am I, like, super world-famous now?
IN THE RANKING
Thirty-three million followers?
Yay! A third of my goal. I've conquered
the entire world. Next, the universe.
FOLLOWERS
[Hiroshima] Ah, I failed again. Sorry.
[Touya]
If you fail, just try one more time.
[Hiroshima]
Okay, but failing in space can mean death.
You can't try again after death.
[Touya] That's true, but the most
dangerous thing isn't failing.
Failing and then giving up
is the most dangerous.
[Hiroshima] Right.
[Mina] Here's an exclusive interview
with our hero.
[both] Huh?
I'm here with the famous space celebrity,
Touya Sagami.
Tell the fans.
How are you feeling right now?
-Go away.
-Great.
You still have the worst attitude
in outer space.
So tell us, Touya.
You call your drone Dakky,
which is adorable,
but what's the official name
of your drone?
-Darkness Killer.
-[chuckles]
What are you laughing about back there?
Nothing. [chuckles]
That name is super emo.
So, Dakky is short for Darkness Killer.
Go away, Earthling. You're bothering me.
You're bothering me, too.
What if we open this path?
-So what does Touya eat for lunch?
-[both gasp]
-Blast off, Earthling.
-[chuckles]
Blast off, Earthling.
-Who are you wearing today?
-[both exclaim]
-Just die, Earthling!
-Yeah, die, Earthling.
What are you talking about, Hiroshi?
You're an Earthling too, you know.
Oh, whatever. Just go away.
Can't you see you're bothering Touya?
No problem. [chuckles]
I got some awesome footage.
I think it'd be best if a meteor
or a comet hit Earth
and decreased
the human population by a third.
Just die, Earthling.
[Mina] Edit these together and upload.
SHOCKING! TOUYA'S TRUE COLORS
It's here. The details
of the current time line are showing up.
SIGNAL 22%
UN2?
-[Sagami] We have a signal from UN2.
-[gasps]
UN2 rescue vessel reports
that it's on its way.
It will come in contact
with Anshin in one hour.
-It's UN2. UN2 is coming for us.
-Yeah!
We're saved! We're gonna live!
Representing the best of humankind.
Let's hear it for UN2!
-Yes.
-What are you looking at?
The time line is beginning to converge.
It's happening soon.
We currently have
text-only communications.
[Sagami] What's happening with the comet?
[Nobeyama] The fragments of the comet
dispersed over a large area
after hitting Anshin.
They're slowly burning up
or evaporating in the atmosphere.
However, there's a risk that
more fragments may strike Anshin again
every few hours.
Many more.
Look how they're moving
towards Anshin's same trajectory.
This can't just be a coincidence.
Something else.
The large Alpha portions
that missed us the first time,
it's currently on
a direct collision course to strike Earth.
Gathering info now.
COMET 88%
NUCLEAR ATTACK 87%
"Nuclear attack"?
[Sagami]
UN2 is about to strike the Alpha portion
with another nuclear attack.
If that happens, the rescue ship
will be badly damaged
and won't be able to save us.
We need to escape before that happens.
Slowing down once again
and releasing the bulkheads
all depends on Twelve being able
to restart.
I must apologize to our visitors,
but we need your help.
Touya, can you use that hack from before
to get Dakky to restart Twelve?
That'll be hard
with Dakky's current intelligence.
Maybe we could remove Bright's limiter?
No way. I refuse to let you remove
Bright's intelligence limiter.
Then there's only one way.
Let me release Dakky's
intelligence limiter to level C.
No, it's illegal.
Taiyou, please understand.
I'll take responsibility.
Whatever happens isn't my fault.
-Bright, come.
-Yes. Copy.
[groaning, beeping]
Dakky, go for it.
[Dakky chirps]
-Yes, you're doing great.
-[groaning]
I can't believe
I'm witnessing illegal activity.
[whirring]
It's working.
[Twelve chimes]
I am Twelve,
Deegle corporation's advanced
general purpose quantum AI.
Twelve supports the well-being
and advancement of humanity.
-Twelve, shut up.
-I will shut up.
Okay, now release the B Cylinder lock.
[Sagami]
Make sure there's oxygen along the route.
[Twelve] Adjusting atmosphere
along route to B Cylinder.
[Sagami]
Touya, the bulkhead's going to open.
MINA 81%
[Konoha] Mina?
[Nasa] It's actually making predictions
using individual names.
CLOSE 92%
[Touya] Hey! Where are you going?
This is my big chance
to increase followers.
-Hey, what are you doing, StupidTuber?
-[Mina laughing]
Nasa, what is that application?
Huh? Oh, well…
What is it doing with all that data
from the Seven Poem?
Oh, it's an application
that analyzes the poem
and displays predictions about the future.
[Konoha] So does that mean
Mina's gonna get trapped in there?
EROSION 84%
-Oh, no.
-No, wait.
Uh, but why?
Yay! Mina's the first one up here.
Wait, why is it closing?
Twelve, what's going on? Don't close it.
Why are you stopping me?
It's going to disrupt the timeline.
Huh?
If we tell them what we know,
it'll disrupt Seven's predictions
of the future.
But, Nasa.
Can we see what's going on inside?
No. I can't seem to access
the security cameras.
Oh, I can see her.
Fine, I'll turn this into a story
and get even more followers.
FAKE?
[gasps] Mina, Mina. Mina.
Twelve, please open the bulkhead,
right away.
I have temporarily lost the ability
to control certain shutter functions.
What do you mean by that?
Which areas have lost functionality?
It's mostly around Cylinder A.
[gasps] What's this?
Nasa, does that application predict
a way we can open the bulkhead?
No, that's not the way the app works,
or the Seven Poem either.
Wait a second.
What's going on here?
The "S" Pattern, it's growing.
That same pattern.
It's the same as the one
on the comet that collided with us.
The same pattern as the areas
that lost functionality.
They must be related.
[Twelve] It's the micro machines
that make the comets quantum AI.
Could they have mistaken the station
for the comet that hit us earlier?
Uncertain.
However, there is probability
this unusual growth is caused
by some sort of additional alteration.
[Nasa]
Everything that's happened up until now
has been predicted
with frightening accuracy.
TWELVE 97%
Twelve is going to…
Does additional alteration mean
it was hacked?
[Twelve] Uncertain.
However, it's entering
all nearby quantum AI devices
and assimilating them.
-Hold on, what?
-Huh?
What's wrong, Twelve?
I apologize.
I will die in 13 minutes, and 11 seconds.
-Huh?
-What?
[Twelve] I am currently being invaded.
The only way to stop the invasion
is by shutting down my processing unit.
Tell us how we can help you.
What do you need?
Please give permission to release
the intelligence limiter on Touya's drone.
-Huh?
-[Bright] What?
-GOSH
-SHE'S TRAPPED
[Twelve] Based on intelligence levels,
that is the only AI
that can resolve the situation.
-[Mina] So, it's totally not my fault.
-Ah! No.
My StupidTuber sister is causing
so much trouble
because she can't stop livestreaming.
-[Smart buzzing]
-Huh? My dad? I mean, stepdad.
Hi. I'm a little busy right now.
Tell that to Mina.
She's the one stuck in a bulkhead.
[grunting]
Well, it looks like it won't open.
I guess I'm just stuck.
-[Smart chimes]
-Huh?
What? My mom?
MOTHER
Uh, Mom, what do you want?
Why are you calling me all of a sudden?
Huh?
Sorry, Mom.
I'm streaming right now. Hanging up.
What's this now?
[Twelve] The atmospheric control system
has just shut down.
-[gasps]
-This isn't good.
"Warning"?
WILL BE SUFFOCATED
Is there anyone out there
who understands this?
-NO OXYGEN
-THIS IS MOM
Huh? "Suffocation."
Oh, no!
Got it on.
[air hisses]
Now, I can breathe
the space suit's oxygen.
Hmm? [yelps]
Oh, no. It's out of oxygen.
It got used up during the EVA.
[Twelve] Taiyou, please grant permission.
UN2 employees are the only ones
with authority.
I can't.
This is bad! I'm seriously gonna die.
-[Smart chimes]
-Oh.
FATHER
Now my dad's calling?
How many times have I told you
not to call me when I'm livestreaming?
-NO GOOD
-STORY?
Huh? Die?
No, I was just exaggerating.
[chuckles] Hanging up now.
-THIS IS MINA'S FATHER
-MINA'S MOTHER (FOR REAL)
[groans] Our parents joined the chat.
The world's gonna know our family's crazy.
CHECK KASUMIGAURA OFFICE HP!
Hmm? "John Doe claims responsibility"?
KASUMIGAURA OFFICE
[Touya] Taiyou, Mina's going to die.
-Hurry up!
-Huh?
I can't do it.
If I let white and black mix together
there's no turning back from
that decision.
What are you talking about?
Okay, I'll grant permission for Dakky.
But first, I'm going to fuse
Dakky and Bright's mainframes together.
Huh?
I'll grant permission as long as
Bright has administrative control.
Wait a second!
I don't like the idea
of mixing black with white either.
-[both grunt]
-Execute.
Use mainframes.
[Dakky chirps]
I'm going over there. [pants]
Huh? They're melding together?
[Dakky whistling, beeping]
[Bright] Use mainframes.
Use mainframes? What?
[both] They're melding.
SAVE HER
Hurry! Hurry up and help me.
Ooh, I have more followers. Awesome.
[sobs] Help me!
IT IS FUTILE TO RESIST
THE PASSAGE OF TIME
[Bright] It's useless to resist.
Dakky, I will reconfigure you,
with me as administrator.
[Dakky whines]
Our mainframes have now melded together.
Our new combined entity
will be named Dark-Bright.
[Dark-Bright]
Dakky already released its C limiter.
If the E limiter is released,
there should be enough intelligence
to stop the infiltration.
Permission granted.
Releasing E limiter.
Dakky's intelligence is
rapidly increasing.
All right, Dakky. Use your abilities.
[Dakky chirps]
Yes.
Dakky's eliminating the micro machines.
[screams] Something's in here!
Why are they starting to come
inside the station?
They're here, all over the wall.
[Touya] There's not going to be
enough intelligence.
Release the upper intelligence limiters.
Um, haven't I already broken enough rules?
[Dark-Bright] We need the F and G limiter
released as well.
Granted.
[Twelve] It seems the intruders
can be eliminated. Accessing bulkhead.
[screaming]
I thought I was gonna die. [sobbing]
I'm so sorry my stupid sister
caused so much trouble.
Oh, Taiyou. Oh, Touya.
You saved my world-famous life.
You each get a free-hug-from-Mina ticket.
Yeah, I think I'll pass.
Oh, right.
I haven't introduced Touya
to all my new followers yet.
SHOCKING! TOUYA'S TRUE COLORS
Ooh, I forgot about this.
I should delete this media.
Huh?
No Internet. Can't delete. Oh, no.
Good. Just one more bulkhead left.
Hurry, Twelve.
Huh?
Twelve, why'd you stop it?
-[Twelve] Everyone, time is up.
-Huh?
I will die shortly.
-Farewell.
-[Touya] Wait, Twelve.
I do hope
I was able to meet your expectations.
Twelve, no!
Touya,
why isn't the last bulkhead opening?
Twelve is… Twelve's dead.
[Mina]
The squiggly things are spreading again!
[both panting]
-Huh?
[Dark-Bright] The pattern is evolving.
The best I can do is stop it here.
-[Sagami] It's UN2.
-Huh?
UN2's ship has arrived.
Yes, we're saved!
Everyone, the UN2 rescue vessel is here.
We can rest easy.
-UN2!
-[Mina giggles]
[Taiyou] UN2!
-[Smart chimes]
-[gasps]
ATTACK VESSEL 94%
[Nasa] An attack vessel?
Why did communications go off-line?
I'm not really sure.
But we're still able to communicate
by text message.
[Nobeyama] New message.
"This station has a high probability
of creating a pandemic.
Therefore, it is placed on lockdown."
[Sagami] That's not a rescue ship.
It's an attack vessel.
UN2. No, it can't be.
Not the best of humankind.
Is it punishment for releasing
the intelligence limiter? I'm sorry.
-Does pandemic mean illness?
-Yeah, something like that.
I guess they're afraid that thing will
get off the station and keep on spreading.
-[Taiyou] Please listen to what I say!
-[shouts] No way.
Why is this happening when I'm finally
within range of ultimate stardom?
Why won't you answer me?
That's right. Communications…
-To summarize the livestream…
-Oh, why?
We're in space.
A comet hit us. I was trapped.
The boys are going bleeping crazy.
A creepy pattern infiltrated the station
and UN2 won't rescue us!
-Another summary would be: It's chaos!
-[Taiyou shouting]
Mina Misasa reporting.
Is UN2 blocking our communications
on purpose?
-Are they going to sacrifice the kids?
-[Nobeyama] New message.
The pattern on Anshin is the same
as the "S" Pattern.
-No further spread must be allowed.
-"S" Pattern?
What do they mean?
The "S" stands for
self-propagating quantum circuit.
Its technology is
beyond human comprehension.
[sighs] Self-propagating? It can't be.
Looks like
there's even more of the pattern above us.
[scoffs]
DELICIOUS COMET WATER
[Nobeyama] That system to collect comets
was constructed by Seven,
right before it was terminated.
It's made of "S" Pattern.
[Nasa]
It's begun. The final verse of the poem.
[Nobeyama] New message.
After the Lunatic Seven incident,
all "S" Pattern was
supposed to be destroyed.
However,
a portion somehow escaped detection.
Right, Konoha and Touya's implants.
Currently,
all of the world's existing "S" Pattern
is on the comet and on the station.
S PATTERN - JOHN DOE
It is a highly unlikely,
natural coincidence.
This must be part of a terrorist plan.
We believe there is a terrorist
within Anshin.
Just moments ago,
a member of the John Doe organization
claimed responsibility for the crime.
John Doe did this?
Ah, I was just reading that article.
It looks like the White House,
Shenzhen, the Kremlin,
and Kasumigaura's home pages
are being rewritten.
I used to think John Doe was cool,
but now I wish I never heard of them.
A third of humankind.
We've heard that phrase before.
But how could they do
something so horrible?
[gasps] The comet. That's what they want.
[Hiroshima] They're intending to hit Earth
with the comet.
The larger portion of the comet
will hit the continent in one hour.
UN2 has calculated an estimate
of the comet's cumulative mass.
If anything of that size hits Earth…
36.79% of all human beings
will be eliminated immediately,
exactly what Seven said.
[gasps]
[Nobeyama] We've determined
the type of attack vessel.
It's armed with a nuclear weapon.
Do they really think that
one of us is a John Doe terrorist?
OPTICAL
[Sagami] UN2 is planning to launch
a nuclear attack on us.
We can't let them. Everyone think.
[Dark-Bright] The pattern's intelligence
is rapidly increasing.
-You have to release up to the J limiter.
-Granted.
-[Touya] I don't think it's enough.
-Granted. All permissions.
Taiyou, your UN2 privileges
only release up to the L limiter.
Then release up to L limiter.
The infiltration has stopped.
-Huh?
-[sighs]
It seems that
the quantum circuitry is complete,
and mass proliferation has stopped.
Maybe we have to start thinking
outside the box.
The comet is only 20,000 kilometers away.
If a nuclear explosion were to happen now,
any rescue vessel entering the atmosphere
would become immobilized
from the EMP's magnetic wave.
We have to make UN2
stop their nuclear attack,
otherwise we're done for.
I know one way to make them stop.
We eliminate the threat from the comet.
But how?
We have to stop it from hitting the Earth.
But how do you suppose we do that?
Talk to it nicely
and ask it not to hit Earth?
Mmm… Got it!
Water sourcing companies
have a command at the ready
if comets fall off their trajectory.
Yes, right.
I'll look up the documentation.
[Sagami] Can you communicate
with the comet using this document?
Dakky says it can.
If this is a plot by John Doe,
then they must have hacked
into the comet's trajectory systems.
I get it.
If I can hack the comet
the same way with Dark-Bright,
we can change the trajectory.
But, Mayor,
all our communications are inoperable.
How come?
All communication devices approved by UN2
can also be turned off by them remotely.
Damn it. There has got to be another way.
But there aren't any communication devices
not approved by UN2.
CAN BE USED
[both] We can use the ICS antenna.
What is that again?
[Nobeyama] The antenna attached to Kibo,
a Japanese Module purchased from the ISS
for sightseeing.
[Uchinoura] But it is an old antique
that was almost sold to the scrap heap.
With interference, the range is
approximately 20,000 kilometers.
That range should be more than sufficient,
since only 60 meters is required
for the plan that Dakky has come up with.
Please connect me to the ICS antenna.
[Sagami] Touya, here's a cable.
What is that drone planning to do exactly?
I really don't know.
[Dark-Bright] According to Dakky,
the "S" Pattern and the comet
are able to communicate
despite the current interference,
because they are using quantum comms.
Question! Quantum comms, what's that?
It's a completely unrecognized
communication technology created by Seven.
-It utilizes entanglement…
-[chuckles]
-…with encrypted protocols…
-[groaning]
…that breaches
the channel capacity limits--
Okay, I get it. That's enough.
Let's just say it's basically
communicating with mysterious methods.
We'll enter the communication pathway
using the ICS antenna.
Apparently, Dakky has invented a way
to add quantum communication
to the signal.
Dakky has already made contact
with the comet before,
using this exact same method.
[triumphant music playing]
-Dakky has made contact with the comet.
-[all gasp]
We can access it.
However, it is using an unknown barrier.
[Touya] An unknown barrier?
[Dark-Bright]
The intelligence of the comet
is increasing beyond expectations.
It's now 80% as intelligent as Seven.
-[groans]
-Are you okay?
-[high-pitched echo]
-I've heard this before, this voice.
When I was just a little girl.
Dakky is saying this barrier
is the same that Seven used.
It's impenetrable.
The same as Seven?
Now I remember.
The "S" in "S" Pattern stands for Seven.
[gasps]
That's right.
Seven was created by an "S" Pattern.
Then does it mean this comet…
is a reincarnation of Seven itself?
"Seven will revive
along with a shooting star
that brings happiness."
COMET
Just like the poem said.
[Sagami] Dakky, are you in yet?
Negative. Hacking is not working.
[Sagami] It must! Otherwise,
how did John Doe change its trajectory?
The comet's AI
is making its own decisions,
and changing its trajectory.
John Doe provided it with new data,
and it resulted in its own decision
to collide with Earth.
And what other options
are we left with here?
We also need to communicate with it
and convince it.
There's an abnormality on the comet.
[Dark-Bright] The comet's intelligence
has now gone beyond Seven's intelligence.
-Impossible.
-Beyond Seven?
It's Lunatic. This is the end.
There's no way we can communicate with it.
Its intelligence collapsed.
[Dark-Bright]
Communications are still open.
Currently determining language.
Language determined.
Acquiring grammar.
[suspenseful music playing]
There is a response.
It's not in a human language,
but we're able to converse.
Terrific.
If we can talk to an AI
that's reached Lunatic,
then maybe we can ask about my implant.
Time is up.
A nuclear weapon was just launched
towards the comet a moment ago.
[grunts]
[music continues]
How many minutes left?
Twenty.
-Twenty seconds.
-Uh-- Twenty seconds?
Damn it. We don't have any time to escape.
[Dark-Bright] The comet has detected
the nuclear weapon
and is responding.
-[whimpering]
-[Nobeyama] Ten seconds left.
Ah, it's all right.
Konoha, you see it too, don't you?
Nasa.
Nasa, what happens now?
Huh?
[Nobeyama] Three, two, one.
[music stops]
[sighs] What happened?
-I don't think I'm dead yet.
-[sighs deeply]
-What about the EMP?
-No confirmation.
All electronics functioning normally.
Did the nuclear attack misfire?
This is from optical telescope.
According to Dakky,
the comet hacked the nuclear weapon
and disarmed it.
It hacked the UN2
inside its own nuclear weapon?
I thought that was impossible to do.
The comet received hacking methods
from an individual on the inside.
What do you mean?
The comet still exists.
Dakky is currently using
an 11 dimensional wave function
to debate intensely with the comet.
The level of their conversation
is so high,
I cannot understand the details.
If the comet hits Earth,
many humans are going to die.
We're trying to save their lives.
Can you explain this to the comet
and have it change course?
[Dark-Bright] It seems that
the comet cannot comprehend
the concept of a human being.
Huh?
Interestingly, it can understand
the concept of humankind.
However, it seems to think that humanity
and humans are different living creatures.
But humans make up humanity.
[Dark-Bright] On one hand,
the comet deems humanity as important
but does not deem human beings
outside the mainframe as important.
Therefore, the comet concluded
it can eliminate 36.79% of humans.
Seven probably came
to the same conclusion.
Is there still a chance
to convince it otherwise?
Dakky is currently trying to convince it,
but it's been difficult.
However, the comet is highly curious.
Dakky has concluded that if we give it
a chance to study humans,
it's possible to convince it
to change its trajectory.
Excellent. Keep trying to convince it.
Yes. Copy.
We believe that we will be successful.
Successful. S-S-S-S-S-S-- [malfunctions]
What did you just do, Nasa?
Now, may I have everyone's attention?
So, I was the one who told the comet
about the security vulnerability
in the nuclear weapon.
But, why?
Why?
Because we need Mr. Comet to hit the Earth
and wipe out a third
of the human population.
After all, that's what's predicted
in the Seven Poem.
Nasa, please don't.
This isn't who you are.
Ta-da! Let me reveal my true identity.
I'm a member of the hacker group,
John Doe.
No way. You're a terrorist, Nasa?
It's not terrorism. It's a revolution.
It's the only way to save humanity.
Ow! [groans]
["Oarana" playing]